[Mobile Expert] Happy you're here, Michelle.
We'd love to have
you join T-Mobile;
let's make that happen.
Do you have a little
time right now
to look at some devices?
[Customer] Yeah, I've got a few minutes.
[Mobile Expert] Ok. Do you already
have something in mind?
[Customer] Kinda.
I want to see prices
and get an idea
of what you have.
[Mobile Expert] Ok. Can you tell me
how you use your current
device most of the time?
This way I can help you
explore your options
and find a device with
the features you want.
[Mobile Expert] I'm glad you
came in, Michelle.
We'd love to have you join T-Mobile;
let's make that happen.
Can you tell me how your
current carrier is working for you?
[Customer] Not well.
It seems like my bill is
different every month.
I'm managing my data
and it's complicated.
[Mobile Expert] Nobody should
have to deal with that,
and with T-Mobile
you won't have to,
because we're all unlimited.
Everything is included with
our T-Mobile One plan,
so there are no surprises,
which makes our
pricing simple and easy.
[Customer] That sounds awesome,
and way better than what
I'm dealing with now.
[Mobile expert] That's the idea.
Now, about your device,
tell me how you use it.
Are you watching videos,
taking pictures?
[Customer] I take a lot of photos.
I'm, like, the queen of selfies.
[Mobile Expert] Me too!